README.md, before:

# libvpx-binaries

## Windows x64 build

1. Open WSL Ubuntu.

2. Clone repository into the Windows filesystem. The repository should be cloned from WSL to avoid an issue with WSL's make not working with Windows new lines.

3. apt install perl, apt install yasm

4. mkdir build/XXX

5. ../../libvpx/configure --target=x86_64-win64-vs16

6. make -j8

7. Open Powershell

8. choco install yasm

9. Add yasm to Windows environment variable Path.

10. Open vpx.sln using VS 2019 IDE.

11. Set "Whole Program Optimzation" to "No Whole Program Optimimzation", which results in removing the /GL option, for every VS project. If not, using the resulting .lib files will cause compiler warnings.

12. Build for both debug and release using VS 2019 IDE.

13. Copy the .lib files from /build to inside the repository to a version matching its file.

## For wasm, building using a Mac:

1. mkdir build

2. cd build

3. run ../scripts/configure-wasm.sh (or configure-wasm-mt.sh). Note that these scripts use brion-libvpx, a fork of libvpx optimized for wasm.

4. emmake make

5. emmake make install

6. Copy files of /install into a folder matching the version and platform.

### TODO for wasm build

Add multithreading and SIMD when they are supported by browser. Multihreading is not supported by Safari and SIMD support for web assembly is currently experimental in all browsers (i.e., Chrome, Firefox, and Safari). See following for implementation: https://github.com/brion/ogv.js/blob/master/buildscripts/compileVpxWasmSIMDMT.sh

## For iOS:

1. mkdir build

2. cd build

3. ../libvpx/configure --target=arm64-darwin-gcc --prefix="../install"

--target=arm64-darwin20-gcc is macOS only...)

4. make

5. make install

6. Copy files of /install into a folder matching the version and platform.

Commit message:

Use msys2 for windows build.

README.md, after:

# libvpx-binaries

## Windows x64 Build

1. Open msys2 from x64 Native Tools Command Prompt for VS 2022 with the following to open a msys2 shell inheriting PATH environment variable of the command prompt: msys2_shell.cmd -full-path

2. mkdir build

3. mkdir install

4. cd build

5. ../libvpx/configure --target=x86_64-win64-vs16 --prefix=../install

6. make -j8

7. make install

## For wasm, building using a Mac:

1. mkdir build

2. cd build

3. run ../scripts/configure-wasm.sh (or configure-wasm-mt.sh). Note that these scripts use brion-libvpx, a fork of libvpx optimized for wasm.

4. emmake make

5. emmake make install

6. Copy files of /install into a folder matching the version and platform.

### TODO for wasm build

Add multithreading and SIMD when they are supported by browser. Multihreading is not supported by Safari and SIMD support for web assembly is currently experimental in all browsers (i.e., Chrome, Firefox, and Safari). See following for implementation: https://github.com/brion/ogv.js/blob/master/buildscripts/compileVpxWasmSIMDMT.sh

## For iOS:

1. mkdir build

2. cd build

3. ../libvpx/configure --target=arm64-darwin-gcc --prefix="../install"

--target=arm64-darwin20-gcc is macOS only...)

4. make

5. make install

6. Copy files of /install into a folder matching the version and platform.
